All right we're together with another section on Python and both are three.
And in this section with the PC part 2 we're going to be creating first a public cabinet and after that
we're going to allow us to assign public IP addresses on those subnets.
And of course this subnet is going to be a part of the VPC that we created earlier.
And after that we're going to create a PRI with some net.
And when we finish with our private subnet which is isolated from the Internet world or the outside
world we're going to create a route table for our public routes or public subnet so we can access this
net resources from the Internet or over the Internet.
And after we finish with our public route table we're going to add our internet gateway route to route
table for our public subnet so that we can get a way to access their resources under the public subnet
and when we are finished with all that we're going to associate our public subnet with the public route
table so that they can be connected together to form alongside.
So this has basically sums up what we're going to do in this section and let's get to our implementation
and I'll be seeing you on the next video.